Requirement

What’s full form of SRS?
SRS is defied as Software requirement specifiaction

Why SRS is important in Manual Testing?
Software requirement specifiaction is very importatnt aspect of manual testing because all the requeriment specification of the project are given in the SRS which are usefuk/l for Dev as well as QA.

What is Use Cases?
Use cases is description of all the ways that an end user wants use the system.

Design 5 different Use Cases?


What are Non-functional Requirement in SRS?
The requirements which are not given in the SRS or D


Design an Use Case Diagram? Describe briefly.


Test Cases

What is a Test Case?
Test case is a Particu;ar set of data to check and verify the requirements ae per the functionality, procedure and actua; results.



List out level of Test Cases? What are fields of a Test case Template?
Test IO
Test Description
Steps to reproduce 
Expected result
Actual result 

Write test cases for Gmail Login? Give at least 5 examples?
- Lunch the email appliction.
- Tap on the login option.
- Tap on text box
- Enter the user name
- Enter the password

Design 3 positive Test cases and 3 negative test cases regarding: http://newtours.demoaut.com
Positive
- Enter Url in any Of the 



What problems you face in writing test cases?
What is called a good Test Case? What is a bad Test Case?
A test case which gives full information regardimg a particular functionlity witjj proper STR and all results is call a good test case.

A test which dosent covers the creiteria to fullfill the test a particular functionality is called a bad test case.

What are guidelines for writing Test Cases?
- Understand the functionality properly before writing the test cases.
- Write proper descritption and expected results.
- Test case ID should be given.
- 
What is Test Data? Why is it important?
Test data is all the information about the project or the appliction, it is importat for testing as well as for develope a good and bug free software.


Develop Test cases for Flight Reservation Application?
(Use standard guidelines to write your test cases. Cover all sections provided in SRS).